OBJECTS A CARAFE, THAT IS A BLIND GLASS.
A kind in glass and a cousin, a spectacle and nothing strange a single hurt color and an arrangement in a system to pointing.
All this and not ordinary, not unordered in not resembling.
The difference is spreading.
GLAZED GLITTER.
Nickel, what is nickel, it is originally rid of a cover.
The change in that is that red weakens an hour.
The change has come.
There is no search.
Certainly glittering is handsome and convincing.
There is no gratitude in mercy and in medicine.
There can be breakages in Japanese.
That is no programme.
That is no color chosen.
It was chosen yesterday, that showed spitting and perhaps washing and polishing.
It certainly showed no obligation and perhaps if borrowing is not natural there is some use in giving.
A SUBSTANCE IN A CUSHION.
The change of color is likely and a difference a very little difference is prepared.
Sugar is not a vegetable.
Does this change.
It shows that dirt is clean when there is a volume.
A cushion has that cover.
Come to season that is there any extreme use in feather and cotton.
Is there not much more joy in a table and more chairs and very likely roundness and a place to put them.
A circle of fine card board and a chance to see a tassel.
What is the use of a violent kind of delightfulness if there is no pleasure in not getting tired of it.
The question does not come before there is a quotation.
Light blue and the same red with purple makes a change.
It shows that there is no mistake.
Any pink shows that and very likely it is reasonable.
Very likely there should not be a finer fancy present.
Some increase means a calamity and this is the best preparation for three and more being together.
A little calm is so ordinary and in any case there is sweetness and some of that.
A seal and matches and a swan and ivy and a suit.
A closet, a closet does not connect under the bed.
The band if it is white and black, the band has a green string.
The disgrace is not in carelessness nor even in sewing it comes out out of the way.
What is the sash like.
A BOX.
A PIECE OF COFFEE.
More of double.
A place in no new table.
A single image is not splendor.
Dirty is yellow.
A sign of more in not mentioned.
A piece of coffee is not a detainer.
The resemblance to yellow is dirtier and distincter.
The clean mixture is whiter and not coal color, never more coal color than altogether.
The time to show a message is when too late and later there is no hanging in a blight.
A not torn rose-wood color.
If it is not dangerous then a pleasure and more than any other if it is cheap is not cheaper.
The amusing side is that the sooner there are no fewer the more certain is the necessity dwindled.
Supposing that the case contained rose-wood and a color.
The settling of stationing cleaning is one way not to shatter scatter and scattering.
The one way to use custom is to use soap and silk for cleaning.
The one way to see cotton is to have a design concentrating the illusion and the illustration.
It is light enough in that.
It has that shape nicely.
Very nicely may not be exaggerating.
Very strongly may be sincerely fainting.
May be strangely flattering.
May not be strange in everything.
May not be strange to.
DIRT AND NOT COPPER.
Dirt and not copper makes a color darker.
It makes the shape so heavy and makes no melody harder.
It makes mercy and relaxation and even a strength to spread a table fuller.
There are more places not empty.
They see cover.
NOTHING ELEGANT.
A charm a single charm is doubtful.
It is earnest.
MILDRED'S UMBRELLA.
A METHOD OF A CLOAK.
A RED STAMP.
A BOX.
A large box is handily made of what is necessary to replace any substance.
Suppose an example is necessary, the plainer it is made the more reason there is for some outward recognition that there is a result.
A box is made sometimes and them to see to see to it neatly and to have the holes stopped up makes it necessary to use paper.
The one is on the table.
The two are on the table.
The three are on the table.
The one, one is the same length as is shown by the cover being longer.
The other is different there is more cover that shows it.
The other is different and that makes the corners have the same shade the eight are in singular arrangement to make four necessary.
A PLATE.
An occasion for a plate, an occasional resource is in buying and how soon does washing enable a selection of the same thing neater.
If the party is small a clever song is in order.
Plates and a dinner set of colored china.
A sad size a size that is not sad is blue as every bit of blue is precocious.
A splendid address a really splendid address is not shown by giving a flower freely, it is not shown by a mark or by wetting.
Cut cut in white, cut in white so lately.
Cut more than any other and show it.
Show it in the stem and in starting and in evening coming complication.
A lamp is not the only sign of glass.
The lamp and the cake are not the only sign of stone.
The lamp and the cake and the cover are not the only necessity altogether.
A SELTZER BOTTLE.
The use of this is manifold.
This which was so kindly a present was constant.
A LONG DRESS.
What is the current that makes machinery, that makes it crackle, what is the current that presents a long line and a necessary waist.
What is this current.
What is the wind, what is it.
A line distinguishes it.
A line just distinguishes it.
A RED HAT.
A dark grey, a very dark grey, a quite dark grey is monstrous ordinarily, it is so monstrous because there is no red in it.
If red is in everything it is not necessary.
A BLUE COAT.
A PIANO.
If there is no dirt in a pin and there can be none scarcely, if there is not then the place is the same as up standing.
This is no dark custom and it even is not acted in any such a way that a restraint is not spread.
That is spread, it shuts and it lifts and awkwardly not awkwardly the centre is in standing.
A CHAIR.
A widow in a wise veil and more garments shows that shadows are even.
It addresses no more, it shadows the stage and learning.
A regular arrangement, the severest and the most preserved is that which has the arrangement not more than always authorised.
Practice measurement, practice the sign that means that really means a necessary betrayal, in showing that there is wearing.
Hope, what is a spectacle, a spectacle is the resemblance between the circular side place and nothing else, nothing else.
Pick a barn, a whole barn, and bend more slender accents than have ever been necessary, shine in the darkness necessarily.
A FRIGHTFUL RELEASE.
A bag which was left and not only taken but turned away was not found.
The place was shown to be very like the last time.
A piece was not exchanged, not a bit of it, a piece was left over.
The rest was mismanaged.
A PURSE.
A MOUNTED UMBRELLA.
A CLOTH.
Any occasion shows the best way.
MORE.
An elegant use of foliage and grace and a little piece of white cloth and oil.
Wondering so winningly in several kinds of oceans is the reason that makes red so regular and enthusiastic.
The reason that there is more snips are the same shining very colored rid of no round color.
A NEW CUP AND SAUCER.
Enthusiastically hurting a clouded yellow bud and saucer, enthusiastically so is the bite in the ribbon.
OBJECTS.
Within, within the cut and slender joint alone, with sudden equals and no more than three, two in the centre make two one side.
If the elbow is long and it is filled so then the best example is all together.
The kind of show is made by squeezing.
EYE GLASSES.
A color in shaving, a saloon is well placed in the centre of an alley.
CUTLET.
A blind agitation is manly and uttermost.
CARELESS WATER.
It shows the whole element of angels and orders.
It does more to choosing and it does more to that ministering counting.
It does, it does change in more water.
Does it.
A PAPER.
A courteous occasion makes a paper show no such occasion and this makes readiness and eyesight and likeness and a stool.
A DRAWING.
WATER RAINING.
Water astonishing and difficult altogether makes a meadow and a stroke.
COLD CLIMATE.
A season in yellow sold extra strings makes lying places.
MALACHITE.
The sudden spoon is the same in no size.
The sudden spoon is the wound in the decision.
AN UMBRELLA.
Coloring high means that the strange reason is in front not more in front behind.
Not more in front in peace of the dot.
A PETTICOAT.
A light white, a disgrace, an ink spot, a rosy charm.
A WAIST.
A star glide, a single frantic sullenness, a single financial grass greediness.
Object that is in wood.
Hold the pine, hold the dark, hold in the rush, make the bottom.
A piece of crystal.
A change, in a change that is remarkable there is no reason to say that there was a time.
A woolen object gilded.
A country climb is the best disgrace, a couple of practices any of them in order is so left.
A TIME TO EAT.
A pleasant simple habitual and tyrannical and authorised and educated and resumed and articulate separation.
This is not tardy.
A LITTLE BIT OF A TUMBLER.
This was the hope which made the six and seven have no use for any more places and this necessarily spread into nothing.
Spread into nothing.
A FIRE.
What was the use of a whole time to send and not send if there was to be the kind of thing that made that come in.
A letter was nicely sent.
A HANDKERCHIEF.
A winning of all the blessings, a sample not a sample because there is no worry.
RED ROSES.
A cool red rose and a pink cut pink, a collapse and a sold hole, a little less hot.
IN BETWEEN.
COLORED HATS.
So clean is a light that nearly all of it shows pearls and little ways.
A large hat is tall and me and all custard whole.
A FEATHER.
It is surely cohesive.
A BROWN.
A brown which is not liquid not more so is relaxed and yet there is a change, a news is pressing.
A LITTLE CALLED PAULINE.
A little called anything shows shudders.
Come and say what prints all day.
A whole few watermelon.
There is no pope.
No cut in pennies and little dressing and choose wide soles and little spats really little spices.
A little lace makes boils.
This is not true.
Gracious of gracious and a stamp a blue green white bow a blue green lean, lean on the top.
If it is absurd then it is leadish and nearly set in where there is a tight head.
A peaceful life to arise her, noon and moon and moon.
A letter a cold sleeve a blanket a shaving house and nearly the best and regular window.
Nearer in fairy sea, nearer and farther, show white has lime in sight, show a stitch of ten.
Count, count more so that thicker and thicker is leaning.
I hope she has her cow.
Bidding a wedding, widening received treading, little leading mention nothing.
Cough out cough out in the leather and really feather it is not for.
Please could, please could, jam it not plus more sit in when.
A SOUND.
Elephant beaten with candy and little pops and chews all bolts and reckless reckless rats, this is this.
A TABLE.
A table means does it not my dear it means a whole steadiness.
Is it likely that a change.
A table means more than a glass even a looking glass is tall.
SHOES.
To be a wall with a damper a stream of pounding way and nearly enough choice makes a steady midnight.
It is pus.
A shallow hole rose on red, a shallow hole in and in this makes ale less.
It shows shine.
A DOG.
A little monkey goes like a donkey that means to say that means to say that more sighs last goes.
Leave with it.
A little monkey goes like a donkey.
A WHITE HUNTER.
A white hunter is nearly crazy.
A LEAVE.
In the middle of a tiny spot and nearly bare there is a nice thing to say that wrist is leading.
Wrist is leading.
SUPPOSE AN EYES.
Suppose it is within a gate which open is open at the hour of closing summer that is to say it is so.
All the seats are needing blackening.
A white dress is in sign.
Go red go red, laugh white.
Suppose a collapse in rubbed purr, in rubbed purr get.
Little sales ladies little sales ladies little saddles of mutton.
Little sales of leather and such beautiful beautiful, beautiful beautiful.
A SHAWL.
A shawl is a hat and hurt and a red balloon and an under coat and a sizer a sizer of talks.
A shawl is a wedding, a piece of wax a little build.
A shawl.
Pick a ticket, pick it in strange steps and with hollows.
There is hollow hollow belt, a belt is a shawl.
A plate that has a little bobble, all of them, any so.
Please a round it is ticket.
It was a mistake to state that a laugh and a lip and a laid climb and a depot and a cultivator and little choosing is a point it.
BOOK.
Book was there, it was there.
Book was there.
Suppose a man a realistic expression of resolute reliability suggests pleasing itself white all white and no head does that mean soap.
It does not so.
It means kind wavers and little chance to beside beside rest.
A plain.
Suppose ear rings, that is one way to breed, breed that.
Oh chance to say, oh nice old pole.
Next best and nearest a pillar.
Chest not valuable, be papered.
Cover up cover up the two with a little piece of string and hope rose and green, green.
Please a plate, put a match to the seam and really then really then, really then it is a remark that joins many many lead games.
It is a sister and sister and a flower and a flower and a dog and a colored sky a sky colored grey and nearly that nearly that let.
PEELED PENCIL, CHOKE.
Rub her coke.
IT WAS BLACK, BLACK TOOK.
Black ink best wheel bale brown.
Excellent not a hull house, not a pea soup, no bill no care, no precise no past pearl pearl goat.
THIS IS THE DRESS, AIDER.
Aider, why aider why whow, whow stop touch, aider whow, aider stop the muncher, muncher munchers.
A jack in kill her, a jack in, makes a meadowed king, makes a to let.
ROASTBEEF.
In the inside there is sleeping, in the outside there is reddening, in the morning there is meaning, in the evening there is feeling.
In the evening there is feeling.
This makes sand.
Very well.
Certainly the length is thinner and the rest, the round rest has a longer summer.
So then the sound is not obtrusive.
Suppose it is obtrusive suppose it is.
What is certainly the desertion is not a reduced description, a description is not a birthday.
Rectangular ribbon does not mean that there is no eruption it means that if there is no place to hold there is no place to spread.
Kindness is not earnest, it is not assiduous it is not revered.
A clatter is not a smell.
All this is good.
The Saturday evening which is Sunday is every week day.
What choice is there when there is a difference.
A regulation is not active.
Thirstiness is not equal division.
Anyway, to be older and ageder is not a surfeit nor a suction, it is not dated and careful, it is not dirty.
Any little thing is clean, rubbing is black.
A sound, a whole sound is not separation, a whole sound is in an order.
Suppose there is a pigeon, suppose there is.
Looseness, why is there a shadow in a kitchen, there is a shadow in a kitchen because every little thing is bigger.
There is a kind.
There is a kind.
Supposing there is a bone, there is a bone.
Supposing there are bones.
There are bones.
When there are bones there is no supposing there are bones.
There are bones and there is that consuming.
The kindly way to feel separating is to have a space between.
This shows a likeness.
Hope in gates, hope in spoons, hope in doors, hope in tables, no hope in daintiness and determination.
Hope in dates.
Tin is not a can and a stove is hardly.
Tin is not necessary and neither is a stretcher.
Tin is never narrow and thick.
Color is in coal.
Coal is outlasting roasting and a spoonful, a whole spoon that is full is not spilling.
Coal any coal is copper.
Sincerely gracious one morning, sincerely graciously trembling, sincere in gracious eloping, all this makes a furnace and a blanket.
All this shows quantity.
Like an eye, not so much more, not any searching, no compliments.
Please be the beef, please beef, pleasure is not wailing.
Please beef, please be carved clear, please be a case of consideration.
Search a neglect.
A sale, any greatness is a stall and there is no memory, there is no clear collection.
A satin sight, what is a trick, no trick is mountainous and the color, all the rush is in the blood.
Bargaining for a little, bargain for a touch, a liberty, an estrangement, a characteristic turkey.
Cloudiness what is cloudiness, is it a lining, is it a roll, is it melting.
A recital, what is a recital, it is an organ and use does not strengthen valor, it soothes medicine.
A transfer, a large transfer, a little transfer, some transfer, clouds and tracks do transfer, a transfer is not neglected.
Pride, when is there perfect pretence, there is no more than yesterday and ordinary.
A sentence of a vagueness that is violence is authority and a mission and stumbling and also certainly also a prison.
Calmness, calm is beside the plate and in way in.
There is no turn in terror.
There is no volume in sound.
There is coagulation in cold and there is none in prudence.
Something is preserved and the evening is long and the colder spring has sudden shadows in a sun.
All the stain is tender and lilacs really lilacs are disturbed.
Why is the perfect reëstablishment practiced and prized, why is it composed.
This is a result.
There is no superposition and circumstance, there is hardness and a reason and the rest and remainder.
There is no delight and no mathematics.
MUTTON.
A letter which can wither, a learning which can suffer and an outrage which is simultaneous is principal.
Student, students are merciful and recognised they chew something.
Hate rests that is solid and sparse and all in a shape and largely very largely.
Interleaved and successive and a sample of smell all this makes a certainty a shade.
Light curls very light curls have no more curliness than soup.
This is not a subject.
Change a single stream of denting and change it hurriedly, what does it express, it expresses nausea.
An eye glass, what is an eye glass, it is water.
A splendid specimen, what is it when it is little and tender so that there are parts.
A centre can place and four are no more and two and two are not middle.
It is not solitary.
Any space is not quiet it is so likely to be shiny.
Darkness very dark darkness is sectional.
There is a way to see in onion and surely very surely rhubarb and a tomato, surely very surely there is that seeding.
A little thing in is a little thing.
Mud and water were not present and not any more of either.
Silk and stockings were not present and not any more of either.
A receptacle and a symbol and no monster were present and no more.
Does it.
Does it dirty a ceiling.
It does not.
Is it dainty, it is if prices are sweet.
Is it lamentable, it is not if there is no undertaker.
Is it curious, it is not when there is youth.
All this makes a line, it even makes makes no more.
All this makes cherries.
The reason that there is a suggestion in vanity is due to this that there is a burst of mixed music.
A temptation any temptation is an exclamation if there are misdeeds and little bones.
A sign is the specimen spoken.
A meal in mutton, mutton, why is lamb cheaper, it is cheaper because so little is more.
Lecture, lecture and repeat instruction.
BREAKFAST.
A change, a final change includes potatoes.
This is no authority for the abuse of cheese.
What language can instruct any fellow.
A shining breakfast, a breakfast shining, no dispute, no practice, nothing, nothing at all.
A sudden slice changes the whole plate, it does so suddenly.
An imitation, more imitation, imitation succeed imitations.
What is the custom, the custom is in the centre.
What is a loving tongue and pepper and more fish than there is when tears many tears are necessary.
Drink is likely to stir a certain respect for an egg cup and more water melon than was ever eaten yesterday.
Beer is neglected and cocoanut is famous.
Coffee all coffee and a sample of soup all soup these are the choice of a baker.
A white cup means a wedding.
A wet cup means a vacation.
A strong cup means an especial regulation.
A single cup means a capital arrangement between the drawer and the place that is open.
Price a price is not in language, it is not in custom, it is not in praise.
A colored loss, why is there no leisure.
If the persecution is so outrageous that nothing is solemn is there any occasion for persuasion.
Suspect a single buttered flower, suspect it certainly, suspect it and then glide, does that not alter a counting.
What is more likely than a roast, nothing really and yet it is never disappointed singularly.
A season of more is a season that is instead.
A season of many is not more a season than most.
Take no remedy lightly, take no urging intently, take no separation leniently, beware of no lake and no larder.
A work which is a winding a real winding of the cloaking of a relaxing rescue.
Seat a knife near a cage and very near a decision and more nearly a timely working cat and scissors.
Do this temporarily and make no more mistake in standing.
SUGAR.
A violent luck and a whole sample and even then quiet.
Water is squeezing, water is almost squeezing on lard.
Water, water is a mountain and it is selected and it is so practical that there is no use in money.
A mind under is exact and so it is necessary to have a mouth and eye glasses.
A question of sudden rises and more time than awfulness is so easy and shady.
There is precisely that noise.
A separation is not tightly in worsted and sauce, it is so kept well and sectionally.
Put it in the stew, put it to shame.
A little slight shadow and a solid fine furnace.
The teasing is tender and trying and thoughtful.
The line which sets sprinkling to be a remedy is beside the best cold.
A puzzle, a monster puzzle, a heavy choking, a neglected Tuesday.
One, two and one, two, nine, second and five and that.
A blaze, a search in between, a cow, only any wet place, only this tune.
Cut a gas jet uglier and then pierce pierce in between the next and negligence.
Choose the rate to pay and pet pet very much.
A collection of all around, a signal poison, a lack of languor and more hurts at ease.
A white bird, a colored mine, a mixed orange, a dog.
Cuddling comes in continuing a change.
A piece of separate outstanding rushing is so blind with open delicacy.
A canoe is orderly.
A period is solemn.
A cow is accepted.
A nice old chain is widening, it is absent, it is laid by.
CRANBERRIES.
Count the chain, cut the grass, silence the noon and murder flies.
See the basting undip the chart, see the way the kinds are best seen from the rest, from that and untidy.
A remarkable degree of red means that, a remarkable exchange is made.
Climbing altogether in when there is a solid chance of soiling no more than a dirty thing, coloring all of it in steadying is jelly.
Just as it is suffering, just as it is succeeded, just as it is moist so is there no countering.
MILK.
A white egg and a colored pan and a cabbage showing settlement, a constant increase.
A cold in a nose, a single cold nose makes an excuse.
Two are more necessary.
All the goods are stolen, all the blisters are in the cup.
Cooking, cooking is the recognition between sudden and nearly sudden very little and all large holes.
A real pint, one that is open and closed and in the middle is so bad.
Tender colds, seen eye holders, all work, the best of change, the meaning, the dark red, all this and bitten, really bitten.
Guessing again and golfing again and the best men, the very best men.
MILK.
Climb up in sight climb in the whole utter needles and a guess a whole guess is hanging.
Hanging hanging.
EGGS.
Kind height, kind in the right stomach with a little sudden mill.
Cunning shawl, cunning shawl to be steady.
In white in white handkerchiefs with little dots in a white belt all shadows are singular they are singular and procured and relieved.
No that is not the cows shame and a precocious sound, it is a bite.
Cut up alone the paved way which is harm.
Harm is old boat and a likely dash.
APPLE.
A little piece please.
Cane again to the presupposed and ready eucalyptus tree, count out sherry and ripe plates and little corners of a kind of ham.
This is use.
TAILS.
Cold pails, cold with joy no joy.
A tiny seat that means meadows and a lapse of cuddles with cheese and nearly bats, all this went messed.
The post placed a loud loose sprain.
A rest is no better.
It is better yet.
All the time.
LUNCH.
Luck in loose plaster makes holy gauge and nearly that, nearly more states, more states come in town light kite, blight not white.
That is best wet.
It is so natural, and why is there flake, there is flake to explain exhaust.
A real cold hen is nervous is nervous with a towel with a spool with real beads.
Cold coffee with a corn a corn yellow and green mass is a gem.
CUPS.
A single example of excellence is in the meat.
A bent stick is surging and might all might is mental.
A grand clothes is searching out a candle not that wheatly not that by more than an owl and a path.
A ham is proud of cocoanut.
A cup is neglected by being all in size.
It is a handle and meadows and sugar any sugar.
A cup is neglected by being full of size.
Cups crane in.
They need a pet oyster, they need it so hoary and nearly choice.
The best slam is utter.
Nearly be freeze.
Why is a cup a stir and a behave.
Why is it so seen.
A cup is readily shaded, it has in between no sense that is to say music, memory, musical memory.
Peanuts blame, a half sand is holey and nearly.
RHUBARB.
SINGLE FISH.
Single fish single fish single fish egg-plant single fish sight.
A sweet win and not less noisy than saddle and more ploughing and nearly well painted by little things so.
Please shade it a play.
It is necessary and beside the large sort is puff.
Every way oakly, please prune it near.
It is so found.
It is not the same.
CAKE.
Cake cast in went to be and needles wine needles are such.
This is today.
A can experiment is that which makes a town, makes a town dirty, it is little please.
We came back.
Two bore, bore what, a mussed ash, ash when there is tin.
This meant cake.
It was a sign.
Another time there was extra a hat pin sought long and this dark made a display.
The result was yellow.
A caution, not a caution to be.
It is no use to cause a foolish number.
A blanket stretch a cloud, a shame, all that bakery can tease, all that is beginning and yesterday yesterday we had it met.
It means some change.
No some day.
A little leaf upon a scene an ocean any where there, a bland and likely in the stream a recollection green land.
Why white.
CUSTARD.
Custard is this.
It has aches, aches when.
Not to be.
Not to be narrowly.
This makes a whole little hill.
It is better than a little thing that has mellow real mellow.
It is better than lakes whole lakes, it is better than seeding.
POTATOES.
Real potatoes cut in between.
POTATOES.
In the preparation of cheese, in the preparation of crackers, in the preparation of butter, in it.
ROAST POTATOES.
Roast potatoes for.
ASPARAGUS.
Asparagus in a lean in a lean to hot.
This makes it art and it is wet wet weather wet weather wet.
BUTTER.
Boom in boom in, butter.
Leave a grain and show it, show it.
I spy.
It is a need it is a need that a flower a state flower.
It is a need that a state rubber.
It is a need that a state rubber is sweet and sight and a swelled stretch.
It is a need.
It is a need that state rubber.
Wood a supply.
Clean little keep a strange, estrange on it.
Make a little white, no and not with pit, pit on in within.
END OF SUMMER.
Little eyelets that have hammer and a check with stripes between a lounge, in wit, in a rested development.
SAUSAGES.
Sausages in between a glass.
There is read butter.
A loaf of it is managed.
Wake a question.
Eat an instant, answer.
A reason for bed is this, that a decline, any decline is poison, poison is a toe a toe extractor, this means a solemn change.
Hanging.
No evil is wide, any extra in leaf is so strange and singular a red breast.
CELERY.
Celery tastes tastes where in curled lashes and little bits and mostly in remains.
A green acre is so selfish and so pure and so enlivened.
VEAL.
Very well very well, washing is old, washing is washing.
Cold soup, cold soup clear and particular and a principal a principal question to put into.
VEGETABLE.
What is cut.
What is cut by it.
What is cut by it in.
It was a cress a crescent a cross and an unequal scream, it was upslanting, it was radiant and reasonable with little ins and red.
News.
News capable of glees, cut in shoes, belike under pump of wide chalk, all this combing.
WAY LAY VEGETABLE.
Leaves in grass and mow potatoes, have a skip, hurry you up flutter.
Suppose it is ex a cake suppose it is new mercy and leave charlotte and nervous bed rows.
Suppose it is meal.
Suppose it is sam.
COOKING.
CHICKEN.
Pheasant and chicken, chicken is a peculiar third.
CHICKEN.
Alas a dirty word, alas a dirty third alas a dirty third, alas a dirty bird.
CHICKEN.
Alas a doubt in case of more go to say what it is cress.
What is it.
Mean.
Potato.
Loaves.
CHICKEN.
Stick stick call then, stick stick sticking, sticking with a chicken.
Sticking in a extra succession, sticking in.
CHAIN-BOATS.
Chain-boats are merry, are merry blew, blew west, carpet.
PASTRY.
Cutting shade, cool spades and little last beds, make violet, violet when.
CREAM.
In a plank, in a play sole, in a heated red left tree there is shut in specs with salt be where.
This makes an eddy.
Necessary.
CREAM.
Cream cut.
Any where crumb.
Left hop chambers.
CUCUMBER.
DINNER.
Not a little fit, not a little fit sun sat in shed more mentally.
Let us why, let us why weight, let us why winter chess, let us why way.
Only a moon to soup her, only that in the sell never never be the cocups nice be, shatter it they lay.
Egg ear nuts, look a bout.
Shoulder.
Let it strange, sold in bell next herds.
All to be no so no so.
All to be not a white old chat churner.
Not to be any example of an edible apple in.
DINING.
Dining is west.
EATING.
Is it so a noise to be is it a least remain to rest, is it a so old say to be, is it a leading are been.
Is it so, is it so, is it so, is it so is it so is it so.
Eel us eel us with no no pea no pea cool, no pea cool cooler, no pea cooler with a land a land cost in, with a land cost in stretches.
Eating he heat eating he heat it eating, he heat it heat eating.
He heat eating.
A little piece of pay of pay owls owls such as pie, bolsters.
Will leap beat, willie well all.
The rest rest oxen occasion occasion to be so purred, so purred how.
George is a mass.
EATING.
It was a garden and belows belows straight.
It was a pea, a pea pour it in its not a succession, not it a simple, not it a so election, election with.
SALAD.
It is a winning cake.
SAUCE.
What is bay labored what is all be section, what is no much.
Sauce sam in.
SALMON.
It was a peculiar bin a bin fond in beside.
ORANGE.
Why is a feel oyster an egg stir.
Why is it orange centre.
A show at tick and loosen loosen it so to speak sat.
It was an extra leaker with a see spoon, it was an extra licker with a see spoon.
ORANGE.
A type oh oh new new not no not knealer knealer of old show beefsteak, neither neither.
ORANGES.
Build is all right.
ORANGE IN.
Go lack go lack use to her.
Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.
Whist bottom whist close, whist clothes, woodling.
Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.
Pain soup, suppose it is question, suppose it is butter, real is, real is only, only excreate, only excreate a no since.
SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.
Please pale hot, please cover rose, please acre in the red stranger, please butter all the beef-steak with regular feel faces.
SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.
It was please it was please carriage cup in an ice-cream, in an ice-cream it was too bended bended with scissors and all this time.
A whole is inside a part, a part does go away, a hole is red leaf.
No choice was where there was and a second and a second.
A CENTRE IN A TABLE.
It was a way a day, this made some sum.
Next to me next to a folder, next to a folder some waiter, next to a foldersome waiter and re letter and read her.
Read her with her for less.
ROOMS Act so that there is no use in a centre.
A wide action is not a width.
A preparation is given to the ones preparing.
They do not eat who mention silver and sweet.
There was an occupation.
A whole centre and a border make hanging a way of dressing.
This which is not why there is a voice is the remains of an offering.
There was no rental.
So the tune which is there has a little piece to play, and the exercise is all there is of a fast.
The tender and true that makes no width to hew is the time that there is question to adopt.
To begin the placing there is no wagon.
There is no change lighter.
It was done.
They had no change.
They were not respected.
They were that, they did it so much in the matter and this showed that that settlement was not condensed.
It was spread there.
Any change was in the ends of the centre.
A heap was heavy.
There was no change.
Burnt and behind and lifting a temporary stone and lifting more than a drawer.
The instance of there being more is an instance of more.
The shadow is not shining in the way there is a black line.
The truth has come.
There is a disturbance.
Trusting to a baker's boy meant that there would be very much exchanging and anyway what is the use of a covering to a door.
There is a use, they are double.
If the centre has the place then there is distribution.
That is natural.
There is a contradiction and naturally returning there comes to be both sides and the centre.
That can be seen from the description.
The author of all that is in there behind the door and that is entering in the morning.
Explaining darkening and expecting relating is all of a piece.
The stove is bigger.
It was of a shape that made no audience bigger if the opening is assumed why should there not be kneeling.
Any force which is bestowed on a floor shows rubbing.
This is so nice and sweet and yet there comes the change, there comes the time to press more air.
This does not mean the same as disappearance.
A little lingering lion and a Chinese chair, all the handsome cheese which is stone, all of it and a choice, a choice of a blotter.
If it is difficult to do it one way there is no place of similar trouble.
None.
The whole arrangement is established.
The end of which is that there is a suggestion, a suggestion that there can be a different whiteness to a wall.
This was thought.
A page to a corner means that the shame is no greater when the table is longer.
A glass is of any height, it is higher, it is simpler and if it were placed there would not be any doubt.
Something that is an erection is that which stands and feeds and silences a tin which is swelling.
This makes no diversion that is to say what can please exaltation, that which is cooking.
A shine is that which when covered changes permission.
An enclosure blends with the same that is to say there is blending.
A blend is that which holds no mice and this is not because of a floor it is because of nothing, it is not in a vision.
A fact is that when the place was replaced all was left that was stored and all was retained that would not satisfy more than another.
The question is this, is it possible to suggest more to replace that thing.
This question and this perfect denial does make the time change all the time.
The sister was not a mister.
Was this a surprise.
It was.
The conclusion came when there was no arrangement.
All the time that there was a question there was a decision.
Replacing a casual acquaintance with an ordinary daughter does not make a son.
This made no more mixture than there would be if there had been no change.
A little sign of an entrance is the one that made it alike.
If it were smaller it was not alike and it was so much smaller that a table was bigger.
A table was much bigger, very much bigger.
Changing that made nothing bigger, it did not make anything bigger littler, it did not hinder wood from not being used as leather.
And this was so charming.
Harmony is so essential.
Is there pleasure when there is a passage, there is when every room is open.
Every room is open when there are not four, there were there and surely there were four, there were two together.
There is no resemblance.
A single speed, the reception of table linen, all the wonder of six little spoons, there is no exercise.
The time came when there was a birthday.
Startling a starving husband is not disagreeable.
The reason that nothing is hidden is that there is no suggestion of silence.
No song is sad.
A lesson is of consequence.
There is quiet, there certainly is.
All along the tendency to deplore the absence of more has not been authorised.
It comes to mean that with burning there is that pleasant state of stupefication.
Then there is a way of earning a living.
Who is a man.
A silence is not indicated by any motion, less is indicated by a motion, more is not indicated it is enthralled.
There never is.
Is there an exchange, is there a resemblance to the sky which is admitted to be there and the stars which can be seen.
Is there.
That was a question.
There was no certainty.
This did not determine rejoining a letter.
This did not make letters smaller.
It did.
The stamp that is not only torn but also fitting is not any symbol.
It suggests nothing.
A sack that has no opening suggests more and the loss is not commensurate.
The time when there is not the question is only seen when there is a shower.
Any little thing is water.
There was a whole collection made.
A damp cloth, an oyster, a single mirror, a manikin, a student, a silent star, a single spark, a little movement and the bed is made.
This shows the disorder, it does, it shows more likeness than anything else, it shows the single mind that directs an apple.
A plain hill, one is not that which is not white and red and green, a plain hill makes no sunshine, it shows that without a disturber.
A can containing a curtain is a solid sentimental usage.
This does show the teeth, it shows color.
A measure is that which put up so that it shows the length has a steel construction.
Why is there so much resignation in a package, why is there rain, all the same the chance has come, there is no bell to ring.
A cape is a cover, a cape is not a cover in summer, a cape is a cover and the regulation is that there is no such weather.
There is no such thing.
Why is there a choice in gamboling.
Why is there no necessary dull stable, why is there a single piece of any color, why is there that sensible silence.
South, south which is a wind is not rain, does silence choke speech or does it not.
Lying in a conundrum, lying so makes the springs restless, lying so is a reduction, not lying so is arrangeable.
Releasing the oldest auction that is the pleasing some still renewing.
Giving it away, not giving it away, is there any difference.
Giving it away.
Not giving it away.
Come to sit, come to refuse, come to surround, come slowly and age is not lessening.
The time which showed that was when there was no eclipse.
All the time that resenting was removal all that time there was breadth.
Why is there a difference between one window and another, why is there a difference, because the curtain is shorter.
In all the time there are three days, those are not passed uselessly.
Any little thing is a change that is if nothing is wasted in that cellar.
All the rest of the chairs are established.
A curtain diminishes and an ample space shows varnish.
One taste one tack, one taste one bottle, one taste one fish, one taste one barometer.
This shows no distinguishing sign when there is a store.
Any smile is stern and any coat is a sample.
Is there any use in changing more doors than there are committees.
This question is so often asked that squares show that they are blotters.
It is so very agreeable to hear a voice and to see all the signs of that expression.
Cadences, real cadences, real cadences and a quiet color.
Did that mean shame, it meant memory.
This shows no face.
This came to separate when there was simple selection of an entire preoccupation.
An example of this is fifteen years and a separation of regret.
China is not down when there are plates, lights are not ponderous and incalculable.
Currents, currents are not in the air and on the floor and in the door and behind it first.
Currents do not show it plainer.
A change is in a current and there is no habitable exercise.
This is a sound and obligingness more obligingness leads to a harmony in hesitation.
A lake a single lake which is a pond and a little water any water which is an ant and no burning, not any burning, all this is sudden.
No change is not needed.
That does show design.
Excellent, more excellence is borrowing and slanting very slanting is light and secret and a recitation and emigration.
Certainly shoals are shallow and nonsense more nonsense is sullen.
Very little cake is water, very little cake has that escape.
Sugar any sugar, anger every anger, lover sermon lover, centre no distractor, all order is in a measure.
Powder, that has no color, if it did have would it be white.
A whole soldier any whole soldier has no more detail than any case of measles.
This which makes monotony careless makes it likely that there is an exchange in principle and more than that, change in organization.
This cloud does change with the movements of the moon and the narrow the quite narrow suggestion of the building.
And why complain of more, why complain of very much more.
There is a turn of the stranger.
A curving example makes righteous finger-nails.
This is the only object in secretion and speech.
To being the same four are no more than were taller.
The rest had a big chair and a surveyance a cold accumulation of nausea, and even more than that, they had a disappointment.
Nothing aiming is a flower, if flowers are abundant then they are lilac, if they are not they are white in the centre.
Why is there more craving than there is in a mountain.
This does not seem strange to one, it does not seem strange to an echo and more surely is in there not being a habit.
Why is there so much useless suffering.
Why is there.
The cases are made and books, back books are used to secure tears and church.
They are even used to exchange black slippers.
They can not be mended with wax.
They show no need of any such occasion.
A willow and no window, a wide place stranger, a wideness makes an active center.
The sight of no pussy cat is so different that a tobacco zone is white and cream.
A safe weight is that which when it pleases is hanging.
A safer weight is one more naughty in a spectacle.
The best game is that which is shiny and scratching.
Please a pease and a cracker and a wretched use of summer.
Surprise, the only surprise has no occasion.
It is an ingredient and the section the whole section is one season.
A pecking which is petting and no worse than in the same morning is not the only way to be continuous often.
A light in the moon the only light is on Sunday.
What was the sensible decision.
The care with which there is incredible justice and likeness, all this makes a magnificent asparagus, and also a fountain.
All this and not ordinary, not unordered in not resembling.
The difference is spreading.
A Little Called Pauline BY GERTRUDE STEIN A little called anything shows shudders.
Come and say what prints all day.
A whole few watermelon.
There is no pope.
No cut in pennies and little dressing and choose wide soles and little spats really little spices.
A little lace makes boils.
This is not true.
Gracious of gracious and a stamp a blue green white bow a blue green lean, lean on the top.
If it is absurd then it is leadish and nearly set in where there is a tight head.
A peaceful life to arise her, noon and moon and moon.
A letter a cold sleeve a blanket a shaving house and nearly the best and regular window.
Nearer in fairy sea, nearer and farther, show white has lime in sight, show a stitch of ten.
Count, count more so that thicker and thicker is leaning.
I hope she has her cow.
Bidding a wedding, widening received treading, little leading mention nothing.
Cough out cough out in the leather and really feather it is not for.
Please could, please could, jam it not plus more sit in when.
A Substance in a Cushion The change of color is likely and a difference a very little difference is prepared.
Sugar is not a vegetable.
Does this change.
It shows that dirt is clean when there is a volume.
A cushion has that cover.
Come to season that is there any extreme use in feather and cotton.
Is there not much more joy in a table and more chairs and very likely roundness and a place to put them.
A circle of fine card board and a chance to see a tassel.
What is the use of a violent kind of delightfulness if there is no pleasure in not getting tired of it.
The question does not come before there is a quotation.
Light blue and the same red with purple makes a change.
It shows that there is no mistake.
Any pink shows that and very likely it is reasonable.
Very likely there should not be a finer fancy present.
Some increase means a calamity and this is the best preparation for three and more being together.
A little calm is so ordinary and in any case there is sweetness and some of that.
A seal and matches and a swan and ivy and a suit.
A closet, a closet does not connect under the bed.
The band if it is white and black, the band has a green string.
The disgrace is not in carelessness nor even in sewing it comes out out of the way.
What is the sash like.
A White Hunter A white hunter is nearly crazy.
Christian Bérard    Eating is her subject.
While eating is her subject.
Where eating is her subject.
Withdraw whether it is eating which is her subject.
Literally while she ate eating is her subject.
Afterwards too and in be-tween.
This is an introduction to what she ate.
She ate a pigeon and a soufflé.
That was on one day.
She ate a thin ham and its sauce.
That was on another day.
She ate desserts.
That had been on one day.
She had fish grouse and little cakes that was before that day.
She had breaded veal and grapes that was on that day.
After that she ate every day.
Very little but very good.
She ate very well that day.
What is the difference between steaming and roasting, she ate it cold because of Saturday.
Remembering potatoes because of preparation for part of the day.
There is a difference in preparation of cray-fish which makes a change in their fish for instance.
What was it besides bread.
Why is eating her subject.
There are reasons why eating is her subject.
Because.
Help Helena.
With whether a pound.
Everybody who comes has been with whether we mean ours allowed.
Tea rose snuff box tea rose.
Willed him well will till well.
By higher but tire by cry my tie for her.
Meeting with with said.
Gain may be hours.
There there their softness.
By my buy high.
By my softness.
There with their willow with without out outmost lain in out.
Has she had her tooth without a telegram.
Nothing surprises Edith.
Her sister made it once for all.
Chair met alongside.
Paved picnic with gratitude.
He is strong and sturdy.
Pile with a pretty boy.
Having tired of some one.
Tire try.
Imagine how they felt when they were invited.
Preamble to restitution.
Tire and indifferent.
Narratives with pistache.
A partly boiled.
Next sentence.
Now or not nightly.
A sentence it is a whether wither intended.
A sentence text.
Taxed.
A sampler with ingredients may be unmixed with their ac-counts how does it look like.
If in way around.
Like lightning.
Apprehension is why they help to do what is in amount what is an amount.
A sentence felt way laid.
A sentence without a horse.
It is a mend that to distribute with send.
A sentence is in a letter ladder latter.
Birth with birth.
If any thinks about what is made for the sake they will manage to place taking take may.
How are browns.
How are browns.
Got to go away.
Anybody can be taught to love whatever whatever they like better.
Taught of butter.
Whatever they like better.
Unify is to repeat alike like letter.
To a sentence.
Answer do you need what it is vulnerable.
There made an assay.
Wire on duck.
Please forget Kate.
Please and do forbid how very well they like it.
Paid it forbid forfeit a renewal.
A sentence may be near by.
Very well in eighty.
If a letter with mine how are hear in all.
This is to show that a letter is better.
Than seen.
A sentence is money made beautiful.
Beautiful words of love.
Really thought at a sentence very likely.
How do you do they knew.
A sentence made absurd.
She is sure that he showed that he would be where a month.
This is the leaf safe safety.
This is the relief safe safely.
A joined in compel commit comply angle of by and by with all.
Sorry to have been shaded easily by their hastened their known go in find.
In never indented never the less.
As a wedding of their knowing with which whether they could guess.
Bewildered in infancy with compliments makes their agree-ment strange.
Houses have distributed in dividing with a pastime that they called whose as it.
Bent in view.
With vein meant.
Then at in impenetrable covered with the same that it is having sent.
Are eight seen to be pale apples.
A sentence controls does play shade.
A sentence having been hours first.
A sentence rest he likes a sentence lest best with interest.
Induce sentences.
A sentence makes them for stairs for stairs do bedew.
A sentence about nothing in a sentence about nothing that pale apples from rushing are best.
Suppose a sentence.
How are ours in glass.
Glass makes ground glass.
A sentence of their noun.
How are you in invented complimented.
How are you in in favourite.
Thinking of sentences in complimented.
Sentences in in complimented in thank in think in sentences in think in complimented.
Sentences should not shrink.
Complimented.
A sentence two sentences should not think complimented.
Complimented.
How do you do if you are to to well complimented.
A sen-tence leans to along.
Next they can come being in tears, governess a part of plums comfort with our aghast either by feel torn.
How can whose but dear me oh.
Darling how is George.
George is well.
Violate Thomas but or must with pine and near and do and dare defy.
Haynes is Mabel Haynes.
What was what was what it was what is what is what is is what is what which is what is is it.
At since robbed of a pre prize sent.
Tell a title.
What was it that made him be mine what was it.
Three years lack back back made well well willows three years back.
It never makes it bathe a face.
How are how are how are how are how are heard.
Weak-ness is said.
Jay James go in George Wilbur right with a prayed in de-gree.
We leave we form we regret.
What is ate ate in absurd.
Mathilda makes ours see.
An epoch is identical with usury.
A very long hour makes them hire lain down.
Two tempting to them.
Follow felt follow.
He loves his aigrette too with mainly did in most she could not newly instead dumb done entirely.
Absurd our our absurd.
With flight.
Take him and think of him.
He and think of him.
With him think of him.
With him and with think with think with think with him.
OBJECTS A CARAFE, THAT IS A BLIND GLASS.
A kind in glass and a cousin, a spectacle and nothing strange a single hurt color and an arrangement in a system to pointing.
All this and not ordinary, not unordered in not resembling.
The difference is spreading.
GLAZED GLITTER.
Nickel, what is nickel, it is originally rid of a cover.
The change in that is that red weakens an hour.
The change has come.
There is no search.
Certainly glittering is handsome and convincing.
There is no gratitude in mercy and in medicine.
There can be breakages in Japanese.
That is no programme.
That is no color chosen.
It was chosen yesterday, that showed spitting and perhaps washing and polishing.
It certainly showed no obligation and perhaps if borrowing is not natural there is some use in giving.
A SUBSTANCE IN A CUSHION.
The change of color is likely and a difference a very little difference is prepared.
Sugar is not a vegetable.
Does this change.
It shows that dirt is clean when there is a volume.
A cushion has that cover.
Come to season that is there any extreme use in feather and cotton.
Is there not much more joy in a table and more chairs and very likely roundness and a place to put them.
A circle of fine card board and a chance to see a tassel.
What is the use of a violent kind of delightfulness if there is no pleasure in not getting tired of it.
The question does not come before there is a quotation.
Light blue and the same red with purple makes a change.
It shows that there is no mistake.
Any pink shows that and very likely it is reasonable.
Very likely there should not be a finer fancy present.
Some increase means a calamity and this is the best preparation for three and more being together.
A little calm is so ordinary and in any case there is sweetness and some of that.
A seal and matches and a swan and ivy and a suit.
A closet, a closet does not connect under the bed.
The band if it is white and black, the band has a green string.
The disgrace is not in carelessness nor even in sewing it comes out out of the way.
What is the sash like.
A BOX.
A PIECE OF COFFEE.
More of double.
A place in no new table.
A single image is not splendor.
Dirty is yellow.
A sign of more in not mentioned.
A piece of coffee is not a detainer.
The resemblance to yellow is dirtier and distincter.
The clean mixture is whiter and not coal color, never more coal color than altogether.
The time to show a message is when too late and later there is no hanging in a blight.
A not torn rose-wood color.
If it is not dangerous then a pleasure and more than any other if it is cheap is not cheaper.
The amusing side is that the sooner there are no fewer the more certain is the necessity dwindled.
Supposing that the case contained rose-wood and a color.
The settling of stationing cleaning is one way not to shatter scatter and scattering.
The one way to use custom is to use soap and silk for cleaning.
The one way to see cotton is to have a design concentrating the illusion and the illustration.
It is light enough in that.
It has that shape nicely.
Very nicely may not be exaggerating.
Very strongly may be sincerely fainting.
May be strangely flattering.
May not be strange in everything.
May not be strange to.
DIRT AND NOT COPPER.
Dirt and not copper makes a color darker.
It makes the shape so heavy and makes no melody harder.
It makes mercy and relaxation and even a strength to spread a table fuller.
There are more places not empty.
They see cover.
NOTHING ELEGANT.
A charm a single charm is doubtful.
It is earnest.
MILDRED'S UMBRELLA.
A METHOD OF A CLOAK.
A RED STAMP.
A BOX.
A large box is handily made of what is necessary to replace any substance.
Suppose an example is necessary, the plainer it is made the more reason there is for some outward recognition that there is a result.
A box is made sometimes and them to see to see to it neatly and to have the holes stopped up makes it necessary to use paper.
The one is on the table.
The two are on the table.
The three are on the table.
The one, one is the same length as is shown by the cover being longer.
The other is different there is more cover that shows it.
The other is different and that makes the corners have the same shade the eight are in singular arrangement to make four necessary.
A PLATE.
An occasion for a plate, an occasional resource is in buying and how soon does washing enable a selection of the same thing neater.
If the party is small a clever song is in order.
Plates and a dinner set of colored china.
A sad size a size that is not sad is blue as every bit of blue is precocious.
A splendid address a really splendid address is not shown by giving a flower freely, it is not shown by a mark or by wetting.
Cut cut in white, cut in white so lately.
Cut more than any other and show it.
Show it in the stem and in starting and in evening coming complication.
A lamp is not the only sign of glass.
The lamp and the cake are not the only sign of stone.
The lamp and the cake and the cover are not the only necessity altogether.
A SELTZER BOTTLE.
The use of this is manifold.
This which was so kindly a present was constant.
A LONG DRESS.
What is the current that makes machinery, that makes it crackle, what is the current that presents a long line and a necessary waist.
What is this current.
What is the wind, what is it.
A line distinguishes it.
A line just distinguishes it.
A RED HAT.
A dark grey, a very dark grey, a quite dark grey is monstrous ordinarily, it is so monstrous because there is no red in it.
If red is in everything it is not necessary.
A BLUE COAT.
A PIANO.
If there is no dirt in a pin and there can be none scarcely, if there is not then the place is the same as up standing.
This is no dark custom and it even is not acted in any such a way that a restraint is not spread.
That is spread, it shuts and it lifts and awkwardly not awkwardly the centre is in standing.
A CHAIR.
A widow in a wise veil and more garments shows that shadows are even.
It addresses no more, it shadows the stage and learning.
A regular arrangement, the severest and the most preserved is that which has the arrangement not more than always authorised.
Practice measurement, practice the sign that means that really means a necessary betrayal, in showing that there is wearing.
Hope, what is a spectacle, a spectacle is the resemblance between the circular side place and nothing else, nothing else.
Pick a barn, a whole barn, and bend more slender accents than have ever been necessary, shine in the darkness necessarily.
A FRIGHTFUL RELEASE.
A bag which was left and not only taken but turned away was not found.
The place was shown to be very like the last time.
A piece was not exchanged, not a bit of it, a piece was left over.
The rest was mismanaged.
A PURSE.
A MOUNTED UMBRELLA.
A CLOTH.
Any occasion shows the best way.
MORE.
An elegant use of foliage and grace and a little piece of white cloth and oil.
Wondering so winningly in several kinds of oceans is the reason that makes red so regular and enthusiastic.
The reason that there is more snips are the same shining very colored rid of no round color.
A NEW CUP AND SAUCER.
Enthusiastically hurting a clouded yellow bud and saucer, enthusiastically so is the bite in the ribbon.
OBJECTS.
Within, within the cut and slender joint alone, with sudden equals and no more than three, two in the centre make two one side.
If the elbow is long and it is filled so then the best example is all together.
The kind of show is made by squeezing.
EYE GLASSES.
A color in shaving, a saloon is well placed in the centre of an alley.
CUTLET.
A blind agitation is manly and uttermost.
CARELESS WATER.
It shows the whole element of angels and orders.
It does more to choosing and it does more to that ministering counting.
It does, it does change in more water.
Does it.
A PAPER.
A courteous occasion makes a paper show no such occasion and this makes readiness and eyesight and likeness and a stool.
A DRAWING.
WATER RAINING.
Water astonishing and difficult altogether makes a meadow and a stroke.
COLD CLIMATE.
A season in yellow sold extra strings makes lying places.
MALACHITE.
The sudden spoon is the same in no size.
The sudden spoon is the wound in the decision.
AN UMBRELLA.
Coloring high means that the strange reason is in front not more in front behind.
Not more in front in peace of the dot.
A PETTICOAT.
A light white, a disgrace, an ink spot, a rosy charm.
A WAIST.
A star glide, a single frantic sullenness, a single financial grass greediness.
Object that is in wood.
Hold the pine, hold the dark, hold in the rush, make the bottom.
A piece of crystal.
A change, in a change that is remarkable there is no reason to say that there was a time.
A woolen object gilded.
A country climb is the best disgrace, a couple of practices any of them in order is so left.
A TIME TO EAT.
A pleasant simple habitual and tyrannical and authorised and educated and resumed and articulate separation.
This is not tardy.
A LITTLE BIT OF A TUMBLER.
This was the hope which made the six and seven have no use for any more places and this necessarily spread into nothing.
Spread into nothing.
A FIRE.
What was the use of a whole time to send and not send if there was to be the kind of thing that made that come in.
A letter was nicely sent.
A HANDKERCHIEF.
A winning of all the blessings, a sample not a sample because there is no worry.
RED ROSES.
A cool red rose and a pink cut pink, a collapse and a sold hole, a little less hot.
IN BETWEEN.
COLORED HATS.
So clean is a light that nearly all of it shows pearls and little ways.
A large hat is tall and me and all custard whole.
A FEATHER.
It is surely cohesive.
A BROWN.
A brown which is not liquid not more so is relaxed and yet there is a change, a news is pressing.
A LITTLE CALLED PAULINE.
A little called anything shows shudders.
Come and say what prints all day.
A whole few watermelon.
There is no pope.
No cut in pennies and little dressing and choose wide soles and little spats really little spices.
A little lace makes boils.
This is not true.
Gracious of gracious and a stamp a blue green white bow a blue green lean, lean on the top.
If it is absurd then it is leadish and nearly set in where there is a tight head.
A peaceful life to arise her, noon and moon and moon.
A letter a cold sleeve a blanket a shaving house and nearly the best and regular window.
Nearer in fairy sea, nearer and farther, show white has lime in sight, show a stitch of ten.
Count, count more so that thicker and thicker is leaning.
I hope she has her cow.
Bidding a wedding, widening received treading, little leading mention nothing.
Cough out cough out in the leather and really feather it is not for.
Please could, please could, jam it not plus more sit in when.
A SOUND.
Elephant beaten with candy and little pops and chews all bolts and reckless reckless rats, this is this.
A TABLE.
A table means does it not my dear it means a whole steadiness.
Is it likely that a change.
A table means more than a glass even a looking glass is tall.
SHOES.
To be a wall with a damper a stream of pounding way and nearly enough choice makes a steady midnight.
It is pus.
A shallow hole rose on red, a shallow hole in and in this makes ale less.
It shows shine.
A DOG.
A little monkey goes like a donkey that means to say that means to say that more sighs last goes.
Leave with it.
A little monkey goes like a donkey.
A WHITE HUNTER.
A white hunter is nearly crazy.
A LEAVE.
In the middle of a tiny spot and nearly bare there is a nice thing to say that wrist is leading.
Wrist is leading.
SUPPOSE AN EYES.
Suppose it is within a gate which open is open at the hour of closing summer that is to say it is so.
All the seats are needing blackening.
A white dress is in sign.
Go red go red, laugh white.
Suppose a collapse in rubbed purr, in rubbed purr get.
Little sales ladies little sales ladies little saddles of mutton.
Little sales of leather and such beautiful beautiful, beautiful beautiful.
A SHAWL.
A shawl is a hat and hurt and a red balloon and an under coat and a sizer a sizer of talks.
A shawl is a wedding, a piece of wax a little build.
A shawl.
Pick a ticket, pick it in strange steps and with hollows.
There is hollow hollow belt, a belt is a shawl.
A plate that has a little bobble, all of them, any so.
Please a round it is ticket.
It was a mistake to state that a laugh and a lip and a laid climb and a depot and a cultivator and little choosing is a point it.
BOOK.
Book was there, it was there.
Book was there.
Suppose a man a realistic expression of resolute reliability suggests pleasing itself white all white and no head does that mean soap.
It does not so.
It means kind wavers and little chance to beside beside rest.
A plain.
Suppose ear rings, that is one way to breed, breed that.
Oh chance to say, oh nice old pole.
Next best and nearest a pillar.
Chest not valuable, be papered.
Cover up cover up the two with a little piece of string and hope rose and green, green.
Please a plate, put a match to the seam and really then really then, really then it is a remark that joins many many lead games.
It is a sister and sister and a flower and a flower and a dog and a colored sky a sky colored grey and nearly that nearly that let.
PEELED PENCIL, CHOKE.
Rub her coke.
IT WAS BLACK, BLACK TOOK.
Black ink best wheel bale brown.
Excellent not a hull house, not a pea soup, no bill no care, no precise no past pearl pearl goat.
THIS IS THE DRESS, AIDER.
Aider, why aider why whow, whow stop touch, aider whow, aider stop the muncher, muncher munchers.
A jack in kill her, a jack in, makes a meadowed king, makes a to let.
ROASTBEEF.
In the inside there is sleeping, in the outside there is reddening, in the morning there is meaning, in the evening there is feeling.
In the evening there is feeling.
This makes sand.
Very well.
Certainly the length is thinner and the rest, the round rest has a longer summer.
So then the sound is not obtrusive.
Suppose it is obtrusive suppose it is.
What is certainly the desertion is not a reduced description, a description is not a birthday.
Rectangular ribbon does not mean that there is no eruption it means that if there is no place to hold there is no place to spread.
Kindness is not earnest, it is not assiduous it is not revered.
A clatter is not a smell.
All this is good.
The Saturday evening which is Sunday is every week day.
What choice is there when there is a difference.
A regulation is not active.
Thirstiness is not equal division.
Anyway, to be older and ageder is not a surfeit nor a suction, it is not dated and careful, it is not dirty.
Any little thing is clean, rubbing is black.
A sound, a whole sound is not separation, a whole sound is in an order.
Suppose there is a pigeon, suppose there is.
Looseness, why is there a shadow in a kitchen, there is a shadow in a kitchen because every little thing is bigger.
There is a kind.
There is a kind.
Supposing there is a bone, there is a bone.
Supposing there are bones.
There are bones.
When there are bones there is no supposing there are bones.
There are bones and there is that consuming.
The kindly way to feel separating is to have a space between.
This shows a likeness.
Hope in gates, hope in spoons, hope in doors, hope in tables, no hope in daintiness and determination.
Hope in dates.
Tin is not a can and a stove is hardly.
Tin is not necessary and neither is a stretcher.
Tin is never narrow and thick.
Color is in coal.
Coal is outlasting roasting and a spoonful, a whole spoon that is full is not spilling.
Coal any coal is copper.
Sincerely gracious one morning, sincerely graciously trembling, sincere in gracious eloping, all this makes a furnace and a blanket.
All this shows quantity.
Like an eye, not so much more, not any searching, no compliments.
Please be the beef, please beef, pleasure is not wailing.
Please beef, please be carved clear, please be a case of consideration.
Search a neglect.
A sale, any greatness is a stall and there is no memory, there is no clear collection.
A satin sight, what is a trick, no trick is mountainous and the color, all the rush is in the blood.
Bargaining for a little, bargain for a touch, a liberty, an estrangement, a characteristic turkey.
Cloudiness what is cloudiness, is it a lining, is it a roll, is it melting.
A recital, what is a recital, it is an organ and use does not strengthen valor, it soothes medicine.
A transfer, a large transfer, a little transfer, some transfer, clouds and tracks do transfer, a transfer is not neglected.
Pride, when is there perfect pretence, there is no more than yesterday and ordinary.
A sentence of a vagueness that is violence is authority and a mission and stumbling and also certainly also a prison.
Calmness, calm is beside the plate and in way in.
There is no turn in terror.
There is no volume in sound.
There is coagulation in cold and there is none in prudence.
Something is preserved and the evening is long and the colder spring has sudden shadows in a sun.
All the stain is tender and lilacs really lilacs are disturbed.
Why is the perfect reëstablishment practiced and prized, why is it composed.
This is a result.
There is no superposition and circumstance, there is hardness and a reason and the rest and remainder.
There is no delight and no mathematics.
MUTTON.
A letter which can wither, a learning which can suffer and an outrage which is simultaneous is principal.
Student, students are merciful and recognised they chew something.
Hate rests that is solid and sparse and all in a shape and largely very largely.
Interleaved and successive and a sample of smell all this makes a certainty a shade.
Light curls very light curls have no more curliness than soup.
This is not a subject.
Change a single stream of denting and change it hurriedly, what does it express, it expresses nausea.
An eye glass, what is an eye glass, it is water.
A splendid specimen, what is it when it is little and tender so that there are parts.
A centre can place and four are no more and two and two are not middle.
It is not solitary.
Any space is not quiet it is so likely to be shiny.
Darkness very dark darkness is sectional.
There is a way to see in onion and surely very surely rhubarb and a tomato, surely very surely there is that seeding.
A little thing in is a little thing.
Mud and water were not present and not any more of either.
Silk and stockings were not present and not any more of either.
A receptacle and a symbol and no monster were present and no more.
Does it.
Does it dirty a ceiling.
It does not.
Is it dainty, it is if prices are sweet.
Is it lamentable, it is not if there is no undertaker.
Is it curious, it is not when there is youth.
All this makes a line, it even makes makes no more.
All this makes cherries.
The reason that there is a suggestion in vanity is due to this that there is a burst of mixed music.
A temptation any temptation is an exclamation if there are misdeeds and little bones.
A sign is the specimen spoken.
A meal in mutton, mutton, why is lamb cheaper, it is cheaper because so little is more.
Lecture, lecture and repeat instruction.
BREAKFAST.
A change, a final change includes potatoes.
This is no authority for the abuse of cheese.
What language can instruct any fellow.
A shining breakfast, a breakfast shining, no dispute, no practice, nothing, nothing at all.
A sudden slice changes the whole plate, it does so suddenly.
An imitation, more imitation, imitation succeed imitations.
What is the custom, the custom is in the centre.
What is a loving tongue and pepper and more fish than there is when tears many tears are necessary.
Drink is likely to stir a certain respect for an egg cup and more water melon than was ever eaten yesterday.
Beer is neglected and cocoanut is famous.
Coffee all coffee and a sample of soup all soup these are the choice of a baker.
A white cup means a wedding.
A wet cup means a vacation.
A strong cup means an especial regulation.
A single cup means a capital arrangement between the drawer and the place that is open.
Price a price is not in language, it is not in custom, it is not in praise.
A colored loss, why is there no leisure.
If the persecution is so outrageous that nothing is solemn is there any occasion for persuasion.
Suspect a single buttered flower, suspect it certainly, suspect it and then glide, does that not alter a counting.
What is more likely than a roast, nothing really and yet it is never disappointed singularly.
A season of more is a season that is instead.
A season of many is not more a season than most.
Take no remedy lightly, take no urging intently, take no separation leniently, beware of no lake and no larder.
A work which is a winding a real winding of the cloaking of a relaxing rescue.
Seat a knife near a cage and very near a decision and more nearly a timely working cat and scissors.
Do this temporarily and make no more mistake in standing.
SUGAR.
A violent luck and a whole sample and even then quiet.
Water is squeezing, water is almost squeezing on lard.
Water, water is a mountain and it is selected and it is so practical that there is no use in money.
A mind under is exact and so it is necessary to have a mouth and eye glasses.
A question of sudden rises and more time than awfulness is so easy and shady.
There is precisely that noise.
A separation is not tightly in worsted and sauce, it is so kept well and sectionally.
Put it in the stew, put it to shame.
A little slight shadow and a solid fine furnace.
The teasing is tender and trying and thoughtful.
The line which sets sprinkling to be a remedy is beside the best cold.
A puzzle, a monster puzzle, a heavy choking, a neglected Tuesday.
One, two and one, two, nine, second and five and that.
A blaze, a search in between, a cow, only any wet place, only this tune.
Cut a gas jet uglier and then pierce pierce in between the next and negligence.
Choose the rate to pay and pet pet very much.
A collection of all around, a signal poison, a lack of languor and more hurts at ease.
A white bird, a colored mine, a mixed orange, a dog.
Cuddling comes in continuing a change.
A piece of separate outstanding rushing is so blind with open delicacy.
A canoe is orderly.
A period is solemn.
A cow is accepted.
A nice old chain is widening, it is absent, it is laid by.
CRANBERRIES.
Count the chain, cut the grass, silence the noon and murder flies.
See the basting undip the chart, see the way the kinds are best seen from the rest, from that and untidy.
A remarkable degree of red means that, a remarkable exchange is made.
Climbing altogether in when there is a solid chance of soiling no more than a dirty thing, coloring all of it in steadying is jelly.
Just as it is suffering, just as it is succeeded, just as it is moist so is there no countering.
MILK.
A white egg and a colored pan and a cabbage showing settlement, a constant increase.
A cold in a nose, a single cold nose makes an excuse.
Two are more necessary.
All the goods are stolen, all the blisters are in the cup.
Cooking, cooking is the recognition between sudden and nearly sudden very little and all large holes.
A real pint, one that is open and closed and in the middle is so bad.
Tender colds, seen eye holders, all work, the best of change, the meaning, the dark red, all this and bitten, really bitten.
Guessing again and golfing again and the best men, the very best men.
MILK.
Climb up in sight climb in the whole utter needles and a guess a whole guess is hanging.
Hanging hanging.
EGGS.
Kind height, kind in the right stomach with a little sudden mill.
Cunning shawl, cunning shawl to be steady.
In white in white handkerchiefs with little dots in a white belt all shadows are singular they are singular and procured and relieved.
No that is not the cows shame and a precocious sound, it is a bite.
Cut up alone the paved way which is harm.
Harm is old boat and a likely dash.
APPLE.
A little piece please.
Cane again to the presupposed and ready eucalyptus tree, count out sherry and ripe plates and little corners of a kind of ham.
This is use.
TAILS.
Cold pails, cold with joy no joy.
A tiny seat that means meadows and a lapse of cuddles with cheese and nearly bats, all this went messed.
The post placed a loud loose sprain.
A rest is no better.
It is better yet.
All the time.
LUNCH.
Luck in loose plaster makes holy gauge and nearly that, nearly more states, more states come in town light kite, blight not white.
That is best wet.
It is so natural, and why is there flake, there is flake to explain exhaust.
A real cold hen is nervous is nervous with a towel with a spool with real beads.
Cold coffee with a corn a corn yellow and green mass is a gem.
CUPS.
A single example of excellence is in the meat.
A bent stick is surging and might all might is mental.
A grand clothes is searching out a candle not that wheatly not that by more than an owl and a path.
A ham is proud of cocoanut.
A cup is neglected by being all in size.
It is a handle and meadows and sugar any sugar.
A cup is neglected by being full of size.
Cups crane in.
They need a pet oyster, they need it so hoary and nearly choice.
The best slam is utter.
Nearly be freeze.
Why is a cup a stir and a behave.
Why is it so seen.
A cup is readily shaded, it has in between no sense that is to say music, memory, musical memory.
Peanuts blame, a half sand is holey and nearly.
RHUBARB.
SINGLE FISH.
Single fish single fish single fish egg-plant single fish sight.
A sweet win and not less noisy than saddle and more ploughing and nearly well painted by little things so.
Please shade it a play.
It is necessary and beside the large sort is puff.
Every way oakly, please prune it near.
It is so found.
It is not the same.
CAKE.
Cake cast in went to be and needles wine needles are such.
This is today.
A can experiment is that which makes a town, makes a town dirty, it is little please.
We came back.
Two bore, bore what, a mussed ash, ash when there is tin.
This meant cake.
It was a sign.
Another time there was extra a hat pin sought long and this dark made a display.
The result was yellow.
A caution, not a caution to be.
It is no use to cause a foolish number.
A blanket stretch a cloud, a shame, all that bakery can tease, all that is beginning and yesterday yesterday we had it met.
It means some change.
No some day.
A little leaf upon a scene an ocean any where there, a bland and likely in the stream a recollection green land.
Why white.
CUSTARD.
Custard is this.
It has aches, aches when.
Not to be.
Not to be narrowly.
This makes a whole little hill.
It is better than a little thing that has mellow real mellow.
It is better than lakes whole lakes, it is better than seeding.
POTATOES.
Real potatoes cut in between.
POTATOES.
In the preparation of cheese, in the preparation of crackers, in the preparation of butter, in it.
ROAST POTATOES.
Roast potatoes for.
ASPARAGUS.
Asparagus in a lean in a lean to hot.
This makes it art and it is wet wet weather wet weather wet.
BUTTER.
Boom in boom in, butter.
Leave a grain and show it, show it.
I spy.
It is a need it is a need that a flower a state flower.
It is a need that a state rubber.
It is a need that a state rubber is sweet and sight and a swelled stretch.
It is a need.
It is a need that state rubber.
Wood a supply.
Clean little keep a strange, estrange on it.
Make a little white, no and not with pit, pit on in within.
END OF SUMMER.
Little eyelets that have hammer and a check with stripes between a lounge, in wit, in a rested development.
SAUSAGES.
Sausages in between a glass.
There is read butter.
A loaf of it is managed.
Wake a question.
Eat an instant, answer.
A reason for bed is this, that a decline, any decline is poison, poison is a toe a toe extractor, this means a solemn change.
Hanging.
No evil is wide, any extra in leaf is so strange and singular a red breast.
CELERY.
Celery tastes tastes where in curled lashes and little bits and mostly in remains.
A green acre is so selfish and so pure and so enlivened.
VEAL.
Very well very well, washing is old, washing is washing.
Cold soup, cold soup clear and particular and a principal a principal question to put into.
VEGETABLE.
What is cut.
What is cut by it.
What is cut by it in.
It was a cress a crescent a cross and an unequal scream, it was upslanting, it was radiant and reasonable with little ins and red.
News.
News capable of glees, cut in shoes, belike under pump of wide chalk, all this combing.
WAY LAY VEGETABLE.
Leaves in grass and mow potatoes, have a skip, hurry you up flutter.
Suppose it is ex a cake suppose it is new mercy and leave charlotte and nervous bed rows.
Suppose it is meal.
Suppose it is sam.
COOKING.
CHICKEN.
Pheasant and chicken, chicken is a peculiar third.
CHICKEN.
Alas a dirty word, alas a dirty third alas a dirty third, alas a dirty bird.
CHICKEN.
Alas a doubt in case of more go to say what it is cress.
What is it.
Mean.
Potato.
Loaves.
CHICKEN.
Stick stick call then, stick stick sticking, sticking with a chicken.
Sticking in a extra succession, sticking in.
CHAIN-BOATS.
Chain-boats are merry, are merry blew, blew west, carpet.
PASTRY.
Cutting shade, cool spades and little last beds, make violet, violet when.
CREAM.
In a plank, in a play sole, in a heated red left tree there is shut in specs with salt be where.
This makes an eddy.
Necessary.
CREAM.
Cream cut.
Any where crumb.
Left hop chambers.
CUCUMBER.
DINNER.
Not a little fit, not a little fit sun sat in shed more mentally.
Let us why, let us why weight, let us why winter chess, let us why way.
Only a moon to soup her, only that in the sell never never be the cocups nice be, shatter it they lay.
Egg ear nuts, look a bout.
Shoulder.
Let it strange, sold in bell next herds.
All to be no so no so.
All to be not a white old chat churner.
Not to be any example of an edible apple in.
DINING.
Dining is west.
EATING.
Is it so a noise to be is it a least remain to rest, is it a so old say to be, is it a leading are been.
Is it so, is it so, is it so, is it so is it so is it so.
Eel us eel us with no no pea no pea cool, no pea cool cooler, no pea cooler with a land a land cost in, with a land cost in stretches.
Eating he heat eating he heat it eating, he heat it heat eating.
He heat eating.
A little piece of pay of pay owls owls such as pie, bolsters.
Will leap beat, willie well all.
The rest rest oxen occasion occasion to be so purred, so purred how.
George is a mass.
EATING.
It was a garden and belows belows straight.
It was a pea, a pea pour it in its not a succession, not it a simple, not it a so election, election with.
SALAD.
It is a winning cake.
SAUCE.
What is bay labored what is all be section, what is no much.
Sauce sam in.
SALMON.
It was a peculiar bin a bin fond in beside.
ORANGE.
Why is a feel oyster an egg stir.
Why is it orange centre.
A show at tick and loosen loosen it so to speak sat.
It was an extra leaker with a see spoon, it was an extra licker with a see spoon.
ORANGE.
A type oh oh new new not no not knealer knealer of old show beefsteak, neither neither.
ORANGES.
Build is all right.
ORANGE IN.
Go lack go lack use to her.
Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.
Whist bottom whist close, whist clothes, woodling.
Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.
Pain soup, suppose it is question, suppose it is butter, real is, real is only, only excreate, only excreate a no since.
SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.
Please pale hot, please cover rose, please acre in the red stranger, please butter all the beef-steak with regular feel faces.
SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.
It was please it was please carriage cup in an ice-cream, in an ice-cream it was too bended bended with scissors and all this time.
A whole is inside a part, a part does go away, a hole is red leaf.
No choice was where there was and a second and a second.
A CENTRE IN A TABLE.
It was a way a day, this made some sum.
Next to me next to a folder, next to a folder some waiter, next to a foldersome waiter and re letter and read her.
Read her with her for less.
ROOMS Act so that there is no use in a centre.
A wide action is not a width.
A preparation is given to the ones preparing.
They do not eat who mention silver and sweet.
There was an occupation.
A whole centre and a border make hanging a way of dressing.
This which is not why there is a voice is the remains of an offering.
There was no rental.
So the tune which is there has a little piece to play, and the exercise is all there is of a fast.
The tender and true that makes no width to hew is the time that there is question to adopt.
To begin the placing there is no wagon.
There is no change lighter.
It was done.
They had no change.
They were not respected.
They were that, they did it so much in the matter and this showed that that settlement was not condensed.
It was spread there.
Any change was in the ends of the centre.
A heap was heavy.
There was no change.
Burnt and behind and lifting a temporary stone and lifting more than a drawer.
The instance of there being more is an instance of more.
The shadow is not shining in the way there is a black line.
The truth has come.
There is a disturbance.
Trusting to a baker's boy meant that there would be very much exchanging and anyway what is the use of a covering to a door.
There is a use, they are double.
If the centre has the place then there is distribution.
That is natural.
There is a contradiction and naturally returning there comes to be both sides and the centre.
That can be seen from the description.
The author of all that is in there behind the door and that is entering in the morning.
Explaining darkening and expecting relating is all of a piece.
The stove is bigger.
It was of a shape that made no audience bigger if the opening is assumed why should there not be kneeling.
Any force which is bestowed on a floor shows rubbing.
This is so nice and sweet and yet there comes the change, there comes the time to press more air.
This does not mean the same as disappearance.
A little lingering lion and a Chinese chair, all the handsome cheese which is stone, all of it and a choice, a choice of a blotter.
If it is difficult to do it one way there is no place of similar trouble.
None.
The whole arrangement is established.
The end of which is that there is a suggestion, a suggestion that there can be a different whiteness to a wall.
This was thought.
A page to a corner means that the shame is no greater when the table is longer.
A glass is of any height, it is higher, it is simpler and if it were placed there would not be any doubt.
Something that is an erection is that which stands and feeds and silences a tin which is swelling.
This makes no diversion that is to say what can please exaltation, that which is cooking.
A shine is that which when covered changes permission.
An enclosure blends with the same that is to say there is blending.
A blend is that which holds no mice and this is not because of a floor it is because of nothing, it is not in a vision.
A fact is that when the place was replaced all was left that was stored and all was retained that would not satisfy more than another.
The question is this, is it possible to suggest more to replace that thing.
This question and this perfect denial does make the time change all the time.
The sister was not a mister.
Was this a surprise.
It was.
The conclusion came when there was no arrangement.
All the time that there was a question there was a decision.
Replacing a casual acquaintance with an ordinary daughter does not make a son.
This made no more mixture than there would be if there had been no change.
A little sign of an entrance is the one that made it alike.
If it were smaller it was not alike and it was so much smaller that a table was bigger.
A table was much bigger, very much bigger.
Changing that made nothing bigger, it did not make anything bigger littler, it did not hinder wood from not being used as leather.
And this was so charming.
Harmony is so essential.
Is there pleasure when there is a passage, there is when every room is open.
Every room is open when there are not four, there were there and surely there were four, there were two together.
There is no resemblance.
A single speed, the reception of table linen, all the wonder of six little spoons, there is no exercise.
The time came when there was a birthday.
Startling a starving husband is not disagreeable.
The reason that nothing is hidden is that there is no suggestion of silence.
No song is sad.
A lesson is of consequence.
There is quiet, there certainly is.
All along the tendency to deplore the absence of more has not been authorised.
It comes to mean that with burning there is that pleasant state of stupefication.
Then there is a way of earning a living.
Who is a man.
A silence is not indicated by any motion, less is indicated by a motion, more is not indicated it is enthralled.
There never is.
Is there an exchange, is there a resemblance to the sky which is admitted to be there and the stars which can be seen.
Is there.
That was a question.
There was no certainty.
This did not determine rejoining a letter.
This did not make letters smaller.
It did.
The stamp that is not only torn but also fitting is not any symbol.
It suggests nothing.
A sack that has no opening suggests more and the loss is not commensurate.
The time when there is not the question is only seen when there is a shower.
Any little thing is water.
There was a whole collection made.
A damp cloth, an oyster, a single mirror, a manikin, a student, a silent star, a single spark, a little movement and the bed is made.
This shows the disorder, it does, it shows more likeness than anything else, it shows the single mind that directs an apple.
A plain hill, one is not that which is not white and red and green, a plain hill makes no sunshine, it shows that without a disturber.
A can containing a curtain is a solid sentimental usage.
This does show the teeth, it shows color.
A measure is that which put up so that it shows the length has a steel construction.
Why is there so much resignation in a package, why is there rain, all the same the chance has come, there is no bell to ring.
A cape is a cover, a cape is not a cover in summer, a cape is a cover and the regulation is that there is no such weather.
There is no such thing.
Why is there a choice in gamboling.
Why is there no necessary dull stable, why is there a single piece of any color, why is there that sensible silence.
South, south which is a wind is not rain, does silence choke speech or does it not.
Lying in a conundrum, lying so makes the springs restless, lying so is a reduction, not lying so is arrangeable.
Releasing the oldest auction that is the pleasing some still renewing.
Giving it away, not giving it away, is there any difference.
Giving it away.
Not giving it away.
Come to sit, come to refuse, come to surround, come slowly and age is not lessening.
The time which showed that was when there was no eclipse.
All the time that resenting was removal all that time there was breadth.
Why is there a difference between one window and another, why is there a difference, because the curtain is shorter.
In all the time there are three days, those are not passed uselessly.
Any little thing is a change that is if nothing is wasted in that cellar.
All the rest of the chairs are established.
A curtain diminishes and an ample space shows varnish.
One taste one tack, one taste one bottle, one taste one fish, one taste one barometer.
This shows no distinguishing sign when there is a store.
Any smile is stern and any coat is a sample.
Is there any use in changing more doors than there are committees.
This question is so often asked that squares show that they are blotters.
It is so very agreeable to hear a voice and to see all the signs of that expression.
Cadences, real cadences, real cadences and a quiet color.
Did that mean shame, it meant memory.
This shows no face.
This came to separate when there was simple selection of an entire preoccupation.
An example of this is fifteen years and a separation of regret.
China is not down when there are plates, lights are not ponderous and incalculable.
Currents, currents are not in the air and on the floor and in the door and behind it first.
Currents do not show it plainer.
A change is in a current and there is no habitable exercise.
This is a sound and obligingness more obligingness leads to a harmony in hesitation.
A lake a single lake which is a pond and a little water any water which is an ant and no burning, not any burning, all this is sudden.
No change is not needed.
That does show design.
Excellent, more excellence is borrowing and slanting very slanting is light and secret and a recitation and emigration.
Certainly shoals are shallow and nonsense more nonsense is sullen.
Very little cake is water, very little cake has that escape.
Sugar any sugar, anger every anger, lover sermon lover, centre no distractor, all order is in a measure.
Powder, that has no color, if it did have would it be white.
A whole soldier any whole soldier has no more detail than any case of measles.
This which makes monotony careless makes it likely that there is an exchange in principle and more than that, change in organization.
This cloud does change with the movements of the moon and the narrow the quite narrow suggestion of the building.
And why complain of more, why complain of very much more.
There is a turn of the stranger.
A curving example makes righteous finger-nails.
This is the only object in secretion and speech.
To being the same four are no more than were taller.
The rest had a big chair and a surveyance a cold accumulation of nausea, and even more than that, they had a disappointment.
Nothing aiming is a flower, if flowers are abundant then they are lilac, if they are not they are white in the centre.
Why is there more craving than there is in a mountain.
This does not seem strange to one, it does not seem strange to an echo and more surely is in there not being a habit.
Why is there so much useless suffering.
Why is there.
The cases are made and books, back books are used to secure tears and church.
They are even used to exchange black slippers.
They can not be mended with wax.
They show no need of any such occasion.
A willow and no window, a wide place stranger, a wideness makes an active center.
The sight of no pussy cat is so different that a tobacco zone is white and cream.
A safe weight is that which when it pleases is hanging.
A safer weight is one more naughty in a spectacle.
The best game is that which is shiny and scratching.
Please a pease and a cracker and a wretched use of summer.
Surprise, the only surprise has no occasion.
It is an ingredient and the section the whole section is one season.
A pecking which is petting and no worse than in the same morning is not the only way to be continuous often.
A light in the moon the only light is on Sunday.
What was the sensible decision.
The care with which there is incredible justice and likeness, all this makes a magnificent asparagus, and also a fountain.
All this and not ordinary, not unordered in not resembling.
The difference is spreading.
A Little Called Pauline BY GERTRUDE STEIN A little called anything shows shudders.
Come and say what prints all day.
A whole few watermelon.
There is no pope.
No cut in pennies and little dressing and choose wide soles and little spats really little spices.
A little lace makes boils.
This is not true.
Gracious of gracious and a stamp a blue green white bow a blue green lean, lean on the top.
If it is absurd then it is leadish and nearly set in where there is a tight head.
A peaceful life to arise her, noon and moon and moon.
A letter a cold sleeve a blanket a shaving house and nearly the best and regular window.
Nearer in fairy sea, nearer and farther, show white has lime in sight, show a stitch of ten.
Count, count more so that thicker and thicker is leaning.
I hope she has her cow.
Bidding a wedding, widening received treading, little leading mention nothing.
Cough out cough out in the leather and really feather it is not for.
Please could, please could, jam it not plus more sit in when.
A Substance in a Cushion The change of color is likely and a difference a very little difference is prepared.
Sugar is not a vegetable.
Does this change.
It shows that dirt is clean when there is a volume.
A cushion has that cover.
Come to season that is there any extreme use in feather and cotton.
Is there not much more joy in a table and more chairs and very likely roundness and a place to put them.
A circle of fine card board and a chance to see a tassel.
What is the use of a violent kind of delightfulness if there is no pleasure in not getting tired of it.
The question does not come before there is a quotation.
Light blue and the same red with purple makes a change.
It shows that there is no mistake.
Any pink shows that and very likely it is reasonable.
Very likely there should not be a finer fancy present.
Some increase means a calamity and this is the best preparation for three and more being together.
A little calm is so ordinary and in any case there is sweetness and some of that.
A seal and matches and a swan and ivy and a suit.
A closet, a closet does not connect under the bed.
The band if it is white and black, the band has a green string.
The disgrace is not in carelessness nor even in sewing it comes out out of the way.
What is the sash like.
A White Hunter A white hunter is nearly crazy.
Christian Bérard    Eating is her subject.
While eating is her subject.
Where eating is her subject.
Withdraw whether it is eating which is her subject.
Literally while she ate eating is her subject.
Afterwards too and in be-tween.
This is an introduction to what she ate.
She ate a pigeon and a soufflé.
That was on one day.
She ate a thin ham and its sauce.
That was on another day.
She ate desserts.
That had been on one day.
She had fish grouse and little cakes that was before that day.
She had breaded veal and grapes that was on that day.
After that she ate every day.
Very little but very good.
She ate very well that day.
What is the difference between steaming and roasting, she ate it cold because of Saturday.
Remembering potatoes because of preparation for part of the day.
There is a difference in preparation of cray-fish which makes a change in their fish for instance.
What was it besides bread.
Why is eating her subject.
There are reasons why eating is her subject.
Because.
Help Helena.
With whether a pound.
Everybody who comes has been with whether we mean ours allowed.
Tea rose snuff box tea rose.
Willed him well will till well.
By higher but tire by cry my tie for her.
Meeting with with said.
Gain may be hours.
There there their softness.
By my buy high.
By my softness.
There with their willow with without out outmost lain in out.
Has she had her tooth without a telegram.
Nothing surprises Edith.
Her sister made it once for all.
Chair met alongside.
Paved picnic with gratitude.
He is strong and sturdy.
Pile with a pretty boy.
Having tired of some one.
Tire try.
Imagine how they felt when they were invited.
Preamble to restitution.
Tire and indifferent.
Narratives with pistache.
A partly boiled.
Next sentence.
Now or not nightly.
A sentence it is a whether wither intended.
A sentence text.
Taxed.
A sampler with ingredients may be unmixed with their ac-counts how does it look like.
If in way around.
Like lightning.
Apprehension is why they help to do what is in amount what is an amount.
A sentence felt way laid.
A sentence without a horse.
It is a mend that to distribute with send.
A sentence is in a letter ladder latter.
Birth with birth.
If any thinks about what is made for the sake they will manage to place taking take may.
How are browns.
How are browns.
Got to go away.
Anybody can be taught to love whatever whatever they like better.
Taught of butter.
Whatever they like better.
Unify is to repeat alike like letter.
To a sentence.
Answer do you need what it is vulnerable.
There made an assay.
Wire on duck.
Please forget Kate.
Please and do forbid how very well they like it.
Paid it forbid forfeit a renewal.
A sentence may be near by.
Very well in eighty.
If a letter with mine how are hear in all.
This is to show that a letter is better.
Than seen.
A sentence is money made beautiful.
Beautiful words of love.
Really thought at a sentence very likely.
How do you do they knew.
A sentence made absurd.
She is sure that he showed that he would be where a month.
This is the leaf safe safety.
This is the relief safe safely.
A joined in compel commit comply angle of by and by with all.
Sorry to have been shaded easily by their hastened their known go in find.
In never indented never the less.
As a wedding of their knowing with which whether they could guess.
Bewildered in infancy with compliments makes their agree-ment strange.
Houses have distributed in dividing with a pastime that they called whose as it.
Bent in view.
With vein meant.
Then at in impenetrable covered with the same that it is having sent.
Are eight seen to be pale apples.
A sentence controls does play shade.
A sentence having been hours first.
A sentence rest he likes a sentence lest best with interest.
Induce sentences.
A sentence makes them for stairs for stairs do bedew.
A sentence about nothing in a sentence about nothing that pale apples from rushing are best.
Suppose a sentence.
How are ours in glass.
Glass makes ground glass.
A sentence of their noun.
How are you in invented complimented.
How are you in in favourite.
Thinking of sentences in complimented.
Sentences in in complimented in thank in think in sentences in think in complimented.
Sentences should not shrink.
Complimented.
A sentence two sentences should not think complimented.
Complimented.
How do you do if you are to to well complimented.
A sen-tence leans to along.
Next they can come being in tears, governess a part of plums comfort with our aghast either by feel torn.
How can whose but dear me oh.
Darling how is George.
George is well.
Violate Thomas but or must with pine and near and do and dare defy.
Haynes is Mabel Haynes.
What was what was what it was what is what is what is is what is what which is what is is it.
At since robbed of a pre prize sent.
Tell a title.
What was it that made him be mine what was it.
Three years lack back back made well well willows three years back.
It never makes it bathe a face.
How are how are how are how are how are heard.
Weak-ness is said.
Jay James go in George Wilbur right with a prayed in de-gree.
We leave we form we regret.
What is ate ate in absurd.
Mathilda makes ours see.
An epoch is identical with usury.
A very long hour makes them hire lain down.
Two tempting to them.
Follow felt follow.
He loves his aigrette too with mainly did in most she could not newly instead dumb done entirely.
Absurd our our absurd.
With flight.
Take him and think of him.
He and think of him.
With him think of him.
With him and with think with think with think with him.
